<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>Epigraph</title>
		<link href="../css/book.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body>

				<blockquote epub:type="epigraph">
				<p>
					All in the golden afternoon <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Full leisurely we glide;</span> <br>

					For both our oars, with little skill, <br>

					<span class="indent-line">By little arms are plied;</span> <br>

					While little hands make vain pretence <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Our wanderings to guide.</span> <br>
				</p>
				<p>
					Ah, cruel Three! In such an hour, <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Beneath such dreamy weather,</span> <br>

					To beg a tale of breath too weak <br>

					<span class="indent-line">To stir the tiniest feather!</span> <br>

					Yet what can one poor voice avail <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Against three tongues together?</span> <br>
				</p>
				<span id="page_ii" epub:type="pagebreak" title="ii">
				<p>
					Imperious Prima flashes forth <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Her edict “to begin it”:</span> <br>

					In gentler tones Secunda hopes <br>

					<span class="indent-line">“There will be nonsense in it.”</span> <br>

					While Tertia interrupts the tale <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Not <em>more</em> than once a minute.</span> <br>
				</p>
				<p>
					Anon, to sudden silence won, <br>

					<span class="indent-line">In fancy they pursue</span> <br>

					The dream-child moving through a land <br>

					<span class="indent-line">Of wonders wild and new,</span> <br>

					In friendly chat with bird or beast⁠— <br>

					<span class="indent-line">And half believe it true.</span> <br>
				</p>
				<p>
					And ever, as the story drained <br>

					<span class="indent-line">The wells of fancy dry,</span> <br>

					And faintly strove that weary one <br>

					<span class="indent-line">To put the subject by,</span> <br>

					“The rest next time⁠—” “It <em>is</em> next time!” <br>

					<span class="indent-line">The happy voices cry.</span> <br>
				</p>
				<p>
					Thus grew the tale of Wonderland: <br>

					Thus slowly, one by one, <br>

					Its quaint events were hammered out⁠— <br>

					And now the tale is done, <br>

					And home we steer, a merry crew, <br>

					Beneath the setting sun. <br>
				</p>
			</span>
			<span id="page_iii" epub:type="pagebreak" title="iii">
				<p>
					Alice! A childish story take, <br>

					And with a gentle hand <br>

					Lay it where Childhood’s dreams are twined <br>

					In Memory’s mystic band, <br>

					Like pilgrim’s withered wreath of flowers <br>

					Pluck’d in a far-off land. <br>
				</p>
			</span>
			</blockquote>

	</body>
</html>
